131 document next mind (#132)
Avanade/emtech-stretch-labs: docs/NextMind-setup.md

# NextMind Setup

This document covers how to setup the NextMind Unity app and server on the stretch to enable mind-controlled operation of the stretch robot.

## Stretch server

Move the 'nextmind-stretch-server' folder to the stretch robot directory, and ensure you have the control agent fiels also loaded onto the stretch. Ensure the path commands variable in [app.py](./nextmind-stretch-server/app.py) reflect the install location of the python 2.7 motion scripts if using a different location than "/home/hello-robot/Chatbot"

`N.B. These scripts will be replaced as soon as a python 3 module is available for robot move functionality`

> To start the server on the stretch, ensure the correct libraries are installed according to 'requirements.txt'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the server on the stretch, ensure the correct libraries are installed according to `requirements.txt`.
```

```
$ uvicorn app:app
```

A local server will now be running on the stretch robot

## ngrok

In order to expose the local server for use on other devices, as required for NextMind connection, run:

`ngrok https 8000`

to expose localhost:8000 - change the port number if the uvicorn server is not running on the default port.

You should now be able to access the uvicorn server by using the web address returned by the ngrok command. Make note of the address:

```Tunnel Status                 online
Version                       2.0/2.0
Web Interface                 http://127.0.0.1:4040
Forwarding                    http://92832de0.ngrok.io -> localhost:8000
Forwarding                    https://92832de0.ngrok.io -> localhost:8000
```

Where the URL of form [id].ngrok.io replaces 'localhost'. Make note of this url

## Unity

Currently, the url needs to be given to unity manually. Update line 119 of [MoveFunctions.cs](./nextmind-robot-telepresence/Assets/Scripts/MoveFunctions.cs) with the ngrok url:

```
using (UnityWebRequest www = UnityWebRequest.Post($"[server.path.here]/{method}/{ammount}", form))
```

> Next, run the unity app by opening the [nextmind-robot-telepresense](./nextmind-robot-telepresence) directory in the unity explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, run the unity app by opening the [nextmind-robot-telepresence](./nextmind-robot-telepresence) directory in the unity explorer.
```
